I would like to welcome you to the
School of Medicine dentistry and
biomedical science it is one of the
largest skills within the university
with over 500 staff and close to 2,000
students the school is one of the
leading schools within the United
Kingdom and aims to be a major
international school helping to actually
create a foundation for the highest
quality in clinical care with compassion
and excellence as part of that care the
undergraduate medical course at Queen's
University is clinically focused right
from the first of the five years very
early on students are allocated to a
family who they visit during those early
years at the same time as they are
learning about patients and families
they also learn clinical skills in a
special unit where they learn how to
take blood pressure how to take blood
and do various tasks which they then
move to perform in the clinical
situation in hospitals and GP surgeries
as a recent graduate of the medical
school at Queen's University Belfast I
feel it's given me a great start to my
career right from the outset the medical
course at Queen's focuses on delivering
science scientific knowledge and
encouraging early patient contact I feel
that's one of the great strengths of the
course
welcome to the Center for dental
education in 2008 the highly regarded
times good University Guide ranked
Queens University dental school as the
top dental school in the United Kingdom
this means that if you decide to study
dentistry Queens University you can be
confident that you will receive the very
best education and training that is
available in these islands our dental
students are taught in excellent modern
clinical facilities by well-trained and
dedicated teaching staff our teaching
staff take great care to ensure that all
our dental students receive the very
best support and encouragement as they
develop into modern dental professionals
when I was at Queen's University had a
great time there and made a lot of good
friends one of the main reasons why I
chose the University was because of its
great reputation and it's ranked one of
the top dental schools within the UK
there are 40 to 50 people in each year
group so you get to know your peers
really well over the course of the five
years the staff are very approachable
and extremely supportive and you get a
lot of clinical supervision in each
clinic the university offers a wide
range of clubs and activities and
northern arts a beautiful place to come
and stay and has lots of activities to
do I decided the University my name is
Tom Gardner I'm the director of the
center for biomedical science education
now I've joined a team of scientists and
teachers to develop new degree pathways
and human biology and biomedical science
for the 21st century our schools got
excellent research facilities populated
by world-class medical researchers and
we've also got excellent links with the
NHS laboratories teaching biomedical
science and human human biology from
within the context of an international
medical school gives us unique resources
in terms of teaching anatomy and
physiology than we would have in a
different context my name is Kelly
Redmond and I completed the biomedical
science degree in 2005 started the
degree in 2002 and during the degree I
did a wide range of modules and these
include anatomy physiology embryology a
module such as genetics biochemistry and
cancer biology and I was doing the
council biology module and particularly
that led me to do a PhD in cancer
research and I come
at the degree in cancer research in
December 2008 and I'm currently working
as a postdoc in cancer research within
the CCRC Bay building I hope you have
enjoyed exploring the various programs
ongoing within the school of medicine
dentistry and biomedical science some of
our graduates go on to be general
practitioners medical consultants dental
consultants as well as leading
biomedical scientists I would like to
wish you every future success with your
career and I hope that things go well as
part of your studies